alright better pick someone I actually
know some basics with and against Jen
the old axiom today are you okay George
can't do anything no Africa yes
everything I'm doing is actually delayed
dude I didn't do that everything I'm
doing against the side comes out madly I
have a feeling he's fucking Lackey
yes I can't even do a fucking cross
I
Oh good night
now you can do old Joe Oh impressive I
like that I like that
is everything I do is delayed by like
two tenths of a second so this is a bad
connection I gotta get to a better one
see I can't uppercut him when he jumped
it's too laggy
so I know I this guy wins online look
I'm block it I can't block anything he
was alive but the zones a fucking react
to his moves what I'm saying he's bad
weekend just I can't react to anything
he does look I just get lucky
oh my god
I can't lock it I can't block it he's so
laggy I can't block it basic news I
can't block amazing savage people that
have potentially this guy is pretty good
weekend but he's must be getting wins
simply because people can't react to
what he's doing so when he goes to play
offline he's going to do all kinds of
unsafe stuff like jump at me like he did
a hundred times if this were offline I'm
be able to reversal dragon punch it but
it's online it's a fucking slow and
shitty and laggy so don't people are
going to learn bad habits online because
of stuff like that